hey YouTube on here with iOS app tastic
reviews and today i will be doing tiny
wings HD so this one will be for the
ipad also for the iphone there's little
differences that i'll talk about here in
this review so this app is going to be
199 for the ipad which is a fairly
decent price for an HD app and there's a
lot of them out there another night five
six dollars or more so this is a great
game for that price we'll just go ahead
and jump into the settings and very
basically you have I cloud syncing which
is great so it'll go between iPhone and
the iPad wherever you left off and then
you got your sounds music and of course
if you want to reset the game and start
over bass so this is the update 2 point
0 basically he was going to make a
separate game but decided to make an
original one updated the original so
here you've got like the original story
campaign mode like do all the objectives
but now you can kind of slide over and
you see these four little birds right
here and all different colors so you
pick a favorite you can see this one's
mine and you get to actually race these
birds so I'll get into that in a little
bit however something special that's all
only on the iPad that you won't see on
the iphone is multi-party which means
it's not fully multiplayer yet you get
to play someone else on the same iPad
which I will show you later in this
review but that is something that we
would definitely like to see in a future
update of over Bluetooth Wi-Fi anything
like that where you can play another
iphone or another ipad or ipod touch and
then of course if you slide over you can
gift this app which if i get for every
5,000 views i will be doing a giveaway
of the apps i review just keep that in
mind guys alright so you know we'll just
i'm only at 28 I know there's 30 but i
just started up this game so just show
you what it's like pretty simple it's
all just one tap you know
the whole goal is to try and get perfect
landings and get up into the sky and
stay in your fever mode as far as
multi-well the interface here goes it's
really really clear like you can
definitely tell its retina ready and all
that I mean my camera's not even going
to be able to pick up how clear this
really is so you of course you see
here's your scores you're all everything
you've done and then you've got your
objectives so get through the fourth
island with it never messing up
basically so that one's pretty tricky
you know they start out relatively easy
and the objectives get harder and harder
and harder am i doing the 20 cloud
touches is outrageous but cool stats so
like when you do three things right it's
called a fever mode and so like my
longest fever right now is to a nap
seconds I'm sure it's longer overall but
you get the idea and then cloud touches
are when you if you come down here and
go up you go up high enough you can
touch the clouds great slides or what
I'm talking about well I'll give you
what a great slide is so you're coming
down and a great slide is when you land
in the ridge perfectly like that and he
chirp basically you'll see the little
bird open and close its mouth um so then
of course coins there's coins that you
can collect the coins ahead in this game
however don't do much all day about do
is help your score down here which in
one objective you need like 175,000 or
something like that distance just you
can compete with your friends you can go
farther get some more islands I know my
records about 12 islands personally but
uh i'm sure people gone even farther now
so that that about sums up the original
part of tiny wings so now we'll go and
move on to my favorite part personally
which is called flight school and i'll
just go to the ferry first level just to
show you guys what it's really like so
these little cool little frogs down here
like countdowns they'll do three two one
and then you kind of go so now i'm going
to show you what it's like and pretty it
gets really intense you know the
computers are actually pretty good once
you get further along but it's
definitely some fun it looks like I mess
it up there but it's definitely some fun
to have some competition rather than
just to sit there and try for the
objectives over and over so i'll just
get through this level racing these guys
over here so and if if you play this
game from the beginning like which I've
already started you get the like a
little intro story kind of where it
shows that the all these four birds
happen to hatch out of one egg but you
find out like the from the original
story that the blue the mom the bluebird
that original one is actually the mom of
all four of these little birds and your
kind of racing and so you'll come into
the finish line here and I'll show you
that the mom is waiting the original
bird and gives you a fish and clear like
I did much better because he's already
there waiting and snoozing but um a new
thing about this game is um they have
these little flowers that you can hop on
and it kind of can bounce you across
water traps which is also new to this
update where if you you land in one of
the dips that has water in it it's going
to slow you down significantly another
great great integrated features with
game center you can sync all your
achievements your leader boards um it
also has openfeint I prefer to use the
actual game center so you can see you
know you've got your high score distance
longest fever great slides coins eaten
and then your how fast you are and those
levels though the ones the racing ones
you did when you beat all five levels it
groups the time together and you get
ranked for that which is pretty cool so
that sums up the that part of it and
then so here's the
multiplayer that I was talking about
it's not the greatest multiplayer but
you know if you want to have a friend
next to you want to race him real fast
you can always just start it up and as
you see it's same screen and you'll just
both kinda play along next to each other
it's kind of hard to play sideways but
you get the point so you get to race
your friend but that is something I'm
pretty sure everyone like to see the
implementation of being able to use
against Bluetooth or Wi-Fi um and so
besides remembered gifting app five
every 5000 reviews I will be giving away
the app I review so keep that in mind
tell your friends if you want to get
closer to winning um that basically sums
up tiny wings it's one of my favorite
games on the entire app store so give it
a give it a try and thank you for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
and like the video